Docs, part 18 (#507)
yiisoft/validator: docs/guide/extensions.md

# Extensions

The validator's architecture allows to replenish its missing functionality via extensions. A few number already exists 
and available for usage. Note that they are not official in terms of not being the part of Yiisoft packages.

## Scenarios

> Yii 2 has [scenarios] feature out of the box. Those of you that used it might be wondering why it's no longer the case 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yii2 has [scenarios] feature out of the box. Those of you that used it might be wondering why it's no longer the case 
```
